Document performance.now/performance.timeOrigin (#9012)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/web-standards.md

{{</Aside>}}

### `performance.timeOrigin` and `performance.now()`

- {{<type-link href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance/timeOrigin">}}performance.timeOrigin{{</type-link>}}

>   - Returns the high resolution time origin. For Workers, we use the Unix Epoch as the time origin meaning that `performance.timeOrigin` will always return `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Returns the high resolution time origin. Workers uses the Unix Epoch as the time origin, meaning that `performance.timeOrigin` will always return `0`.
```

> ` {{<type-link href="">}}performance.now(){{</type-link>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{<type-link href="">}}performance.now(){{</type-link>}}
```

> ` {{<type-link href="">}}performance.now(){{</type-link>}}

Reviewer: Did this need a - instead?

> ` {{<type-link href="">}}performance.now(){{</type-link>}}

Author: ```suggestion
- {{<type-link href="">}}performance.now(){{</type-link>}}
```

>   - Returns a DOMHighResTimeStamp representing the number of milliseconds elapsed since `performance.timeOrigin`. Note that Workers intentionally reduces the precision of `performance.now()` such that it returns the time of the last I/O and does not advance during code execution. Effectively, because of this, and because `performance.timeOrigin` is always, `0`, `performance.now()` will always equal `Date.now()`, yielding a consistent view of the passage of time within a Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Returns a `DOMHighResTimeStamp` representing the number of milliseconds elapsed since `performance.timeOrigin`. Note that Workers intentionally reduces the precision of `performance.now()` such that it returns the time of the last I/O and does not advance during code execution. Effectively, because of this, and because `performance.timeOrigin` is always, `0`, `performance.now()` will always equal `Date.now()`, yielding a consistent view of the passage of time within a Worker.
```
